com/demantic/exercise/dto/SortByQuantityDTO.java
 com.demantic.exercise.dto.SortByQuantityDTO
com/demantic/exercise/util/ExceptionHandlers.java
 com.demantic.exercise.util.ExceptionHandlers
com/demantic/exercise/controller/AntiqueBookController.java
 com.demantic.exercise.controller.AntiqueBookController
com/demantic/exercise/repository/ScienceJournalRepository.java
 com.demantic.exercise.repository.ScienceJournalRepository
com/demantic/exercise/repository/AntiqueBookRepository.java
 com.demantic.exercise.repository.AntiqueBookRepository
com/demantic/exercise/entity/Book.java
 com.demantic.exercise.entity.Book
com/demantic/exercise/controller/ScienceJournalController.java
 com.demantic.exercise.controller.ScienceJournalController
com/demantic/exercise/entity/ScienceJournal.java
 com.demantic.exercise.entity.ScienceJournal
com/demantic/exercise/entity/AntiqueBook.java
 com.demantic.exercise.entity.AntiqueBook
com/demantic/exercise/LibraryApplication.java
 com.demantic.exercise.LibraryApplication
com/demantic/exercise/exception/ServerError.java
 com.demantic.exercise.exception.ServerError
com/demantic/exercise/service/AntiqueBookService.java
 com.demantic.exercise.service.AntiqueBookService
com/demantic/exercise/service/ScienceJournalService.java
 com.demantic.exercise.service.ScienceJournalService
com/demantic/exercise/util/Consts.java
 com.demantic.exercise.util.Consts
com/demantic/exercise/entity/RegularBook.java
 com.demantic.exercise.entity.RegularBook
com/demantic/exercise/exception/InvalidDataException.java
 com.demantic.exercise.exception.InvalidDataException
com/demantic/exercise/controller/RegularBookController.java
 com.demantic.exercise.controller.RegularBookController
com/demantic/exercise/service/BookService.java
 com.demantic.exercise.service.BookService
com/demantic/exercise/repository/RegularBookRepository.java
 com.demantic.exercise.repository.RegularBookRepository
com/demantic/exercise/service/RegularBookService.java
 com.demantic.exercise.service.RegularBookService
com/demantic/exercise/controller/BookController.java
 com.demantic.exercise.controller.BookController
